---
date: 2025-07-31      # ISO date for Dataview queries
day: Thursday             # Day name, e.g. Tuesday
tags: [daily-note]
---
tags: [daily-note]
---
# Thursday, July 31, 2025
## ⏳ Top 3 Priorities
1. Leverage support to get work done
2. Satisfy intellectual curiosity
3. Be true to entrepreneurial mindset
---
## ⚡ Work Tasks
- [x] Improve organizational process via Daily Note template tweaks
- [x] Brainstorm improvements to the initial unit status workflow. For backtesting purposes, use the state estimator data from 00:00 hrs.
- [x] Sketch out mapping task for Lawton to help with Probe skill scoring. Map Probe resources to state estimator generator comments. Refresh myself on where we left off on this task.
- [x] Mapping framework for EIA-860 <-> Generator comment
- [x] Email Blair Jia (Enverus) about EIA-860 <-> Generator Comment mapping to check if this is already done
- [ ] Improve and extend virtuals code
- [ ] Clean up/wrap up JIRA ticket
- [ ] Skim through Ross' ERCOT model
- [ ] Communicate with Jakob about Plymouth-Burr Oak

---
## 📋 Personal Tasks
- [ ] WEX receipts, payments
- [ ] Call Dr. Scott's office
- [x] Handle Stamford, CT property tax issue
- [ ] Bank account setup

---
## 📝 Notes
- We lost money on 8/1/2025 on some expensive paths that had small, positive revenue and high cost.

---
## 📈 Trading Philosophy
- Policy optimization is more important than forecast accuracy improvements, given good forecasts. Our objective is as follows:
    1. Achieve good forecasts from a variety of models with a great understanding of the model errors and error skew.
	2. Craft a risk-cognizant trading policy targeting skew and convexity.
- Remember to keep costs low.
- We want cheap, long exposure. We'd rather have a safe, cheap path that has the directional exposure that we want instead of an expensive path that has more exposure and more risk of binding event failure.

---
## 🤔 Reflection


